
Decide on frameworks
    Can do React/Express... or try something new? 
    Learn something new for CSS

General Dev
    Set up branches/auto-deploy hooks
    May have to split repos for client/server - not difficult, worry about that later

Overall Data structure
    Individual songs
        Single entry per song, but save variants within song (e.g. just chorus)
        Integrate a YouTube/Spotify link to the original for practice (and also save original key)
        Recommended capo/key for guitarists
        Keychanges within songs
        Specific format for comments/notes - and ability to be instrument-specific
            Notes may need inline chords (e.g. referring to "the last C of the line") that change with key
        Better-formatted chords
            Allow things like brackets, alternates
    Songlists
        Save a date, to filter out past lists
        Each song has base song, key, and variant
        Add notes between songs - e.g. set breaks

Song format
    See if there's something standard, rather than my homebrew from last time
    Ability to have per-instrument comments/notes/segments

Back-end/API
    Backup/restore functionality
    Don't put DB on repo - copyright issues

Front-end
    Re-design song-to-HTML process
        Make sure classes are distinct for CSS
        Cells with chords need padding - cells without do not
        Mid-word chords without adding unneeded whitespace
    Display songs as one-after-the-other, rather than separate tabs
        How to do per-song settings? 
    Still have the ability to skip to next/previous
    Maybe still show "progress" as tabs (and click to jump to) for navigatability? 
    Buttons to skip to sections within current song
    Integrate capo shift
    Settings
        Buttons for original key and songlist key
            Per-song and all songs at once

Import tool for old songs? (Only for me)
    Or just force myself to redo them with the new features

Secure - logins? Or just a password?
    Song edit tool
        Work in different keys
        Eventually accessible from main interface - needs to be available on the fly
    List edit tool
        Filters for songs

User-specific settings
    Use browser localstorage? 
    Instrument
        Use capo
    Numbers vs chords
    Show/hide lyrics
    Show/hide notes
    Show/hide chords (for singers...?)
    Style for transition/optional chords
    Whether to display repeated sections, or just have each once
    Sharp/flat display (e.g. Always sharps, always flats, based on key)

Advanced functionality
    Front-end scrolling synch (optional)
        Per-heading would be simpler, but may not work for large sections/small devices
        No matter what may have to reduce scroll rate based on smallest screen

Styling
    Dark mode? At least design with it in mind
    Avoid floating elements - those were painful